the first republican presidential debate
they had one of the member of this
actually reminds me remember when they
had the what's your favorite bible
passage staying
and then candidates had to go around and
explain which which was their favorite
their favorite bible passage and i just
thought why is why doesn't somebody just
say
but actually i think that my favorite
bible passage whether i have learned
that is completely irrelevant
because we have separation of church and
state here and better for other diseases
are united well this time around in this
next debate there was a question about
let's go around the room and raise your
hand if you support torture that's
basically the question here's how it
went down
karen
then he didn't answer the specifically
congressman fault
raise your hand if he would support or
was on some of waterboarding
underpinning circumstances
under certain circumstances any
assistance under certain circumstances
we are in
on your seven states is that you could
imagine not all and should
alright and people start against jeering
the people that did raise their hands
and it was herman cain
pizza guide herman cain ten volunteers
rick santorum
frankly the entire debate with some of
the most boring talking point recitals
that we've seen in awhile and the debate
itself but lewis was sponsored by
several extremist groups including the
both keepers malicious group
and also the anticommunist radical john
birch society
what on earth is going i think this is
what we're in for lewis for these two
dates
then we have a lot to look forward to
because it is a complete
pd it's a cluster f i mean i don't even
know what else to say it's just it's a
joke raise your hand if you support
torture you have a mostly you notice
most of the debates
are like this until
we have until after the primaries
industrial apparatus people realize that
well
i say in many other say democrats and
republicans are similar on many many
issues are their positions are very
close
involvement with groups like the both
keepers militia group is only acceptable
on the right i mean tempo lindsey one of
the candidates goes on
the american family association radio
program hosted by anti gay brian fisher
who's been on this show
so there's no such thing as a monogamous
gay relationship the rectal wall is
oneself thirty remember that that louis
farrakhan africa
so it's ok
to be associated with a lot of these
groups if you're on the right the oath
keepers website is riddled with this
paranoid rhetoric about government
officials deciding the american people
confiscating the property of the
american people including food the
government's confiscating food from the
american people
block hating american cities
turning them into giant concentration
camps
and by the way
in early two thousand eight the old
keepers founder ok deal keepers was one
of the sponsors of the republican debate
warned that a quote dominatrix in chief
named
hitler re
hitler re clinton would impose a police
state on america and shoot all resistors
one of the group's sponsoring
of republican debate
referred to one of the democratic
candidates as hitler re clinton
and glenn beck also loves
the oath keepers so that that you give
us a sense of where we are louis gives
us a sense of uh... how seriously this
taken
exactly
absolutely